Xiao Yingfeng heard that Tianyuan Sect's method is exquisite
I came to ask the teacher
This Tianyuan Gate is absolutely unique
It will definitely save my happiness in the future
This person has no shortage of supplements
Fairy root damage
I'm afraid it's not a talent for cultivating immortals
Where is the ancestor of the foot
Who to inherit
And there is a guiding sword
No teacher, no knowledge.
Only one person and one sword
Your fairy root can't enter Tianyuan Gate
This kid really has a mastery of the mind
Although the death of the master is ordinary
But here he is
Let's give him a chance
Junior sister, do you like him?
Shut up and don't talk nonsense
Hmph, Tianyuanmen does not charge.
Sure enough, I like you
So the fragrant root is damaged like a mortal
How can there be true love in the body
Hey, who is this?
I heard that he is the disciple of Elder Linggu
Just refining medicine
No literature, no martial arts.
It's useless
400 years have passed
How can time have such an imaginary person to keep out the cold?
Is that you, Chief?
Why don't you call this person to be tested?
Boy, it's rare.
Why did the little junior sister come to collect the heat?
The master has inconvenient legs and feet.
I want to accept Ming disciples to do chores
Let me take a look.
Then let him try.
My Tianyuanmen has always been fair
The entry trial is open to everyone
It's too much, it depends on his fortune
Little brother fine skin tender meat
Be careful then.
Humph brat
Shame me
It also caused my junior sister to be like this
Kill you, I must stay
Find out if he's sorry while running for his life